13015_林煒軒/README.md, before:

# 👔 About Me
Hi! I'm Chuck!

# 📚 Materials
- [20250913 STAT README](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-UFyabcTQTQ9ZaXoXk9rYrOnwDxJEAOYwu1l0E4ezAQ/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Google Colab python files folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/15ehJAjL8AZbzjNRJMk5KlFeJlzFMnSEK?usp=sharing)
- [Mathematical expressions in Latex](https://www.overleaf.com/learn/latex/Mathematical_expressions)
- [My colab](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1_maaXJom4Pm3zMW5ftkV9EGyPRcFJToY?usp=drive_link)

# ✏️ In-Class Exercise
- [0913 in-class exercise](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/11bHlxmhZ0DXfqTn8fhpE8vlVmp03GyjU?usp=drive_link) (quantiles)

# 📚 Homework
- [HW0913](https://github.com/HWTeng-Teaching/202509-Statistics/blob/main/13015_%E6%9E%97%E7%85%92%E8%BB%92/HW0913/README.md)

# 🛠️ Tools
- [Paste to Markdown](https://euangoddard.github.io/clipboard2markdown/)

# 📦 Python Packages

## 📊 Stats
- [numpy](https://numpy.org/doc/stable/)
- [statsmodels](https://www.statsmodels.org/stable/index.html#)

## 📈 Visualization
- [matplotlib](https://matplotlib.org/stable/users/index)
- [seaborn](https://seaborn.pydata.org/examples/index.html)
- [plotly](https://plotly.com/examples/)

Commit message:

Update README.md to enhance Table of Contents and reorganize sections

13015_林煒軒/README.md, after:

# 👔 About Me
Hi! I'm Chuck!

# 📑 Table of Contents
- [📚 Materials](#-materials)
- [✏️ Homework](#-homework)
- [🧠 In-Class Exercise](#-in-class-exercise)
- [🛠️ Tools](#-tools)
- [📦 Python Packages](#-python-packages)

# 📚 Materials
- [20250913 STAT README](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1-UFyabcTQTQ9ZaXoXk9rYrOnwDxJEAOYwu1l0E4ezAQ/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Google Colab python files folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/15ehJAjL8AZbzjNRJMk5KlFeJlzFMnSEK?usp=sharing)
- [Mathematical expressions in Latex](https://www.overleaf.com/learn/latex/Mathematical_expressions)
- [My colab](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1_maaXJom4Pm3zMW5ftkV9EGyPRcFJToY?usp=drive_link)

# ✏️ Homework
- [HW0913](./HW0913/README.md)

# 🧠 In-Class Exercise
- [0913 in-class exercise](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/11bHlxmhZ0DXfqTn8fhpE8vlVmp03GyjU?usp=drive_link) (quantiles)

# 🛠️ Tools
- [Paste to Markdown](https://euangoddard.github.io/clipboard2markdown/)

# 📦 Python Packages

## 📊 Stats
- [numpy](https://numpy.org/doc/stable/)
- [statsmodels](https://www.statsmodels.org/stable/index.html#)

## 📈 Visualization
- [matplotlib](https://matplotlib.org/stable/users/index)
- [seaborn](https://seaborn.pydata.org/examples/index.html)
- [plotly](https://plotly.com/examples/)
